[Music]
they are the world's most deadly
assassin citizens their identities are a
secret
even from each other
how's work we had a little trouble with
a commission to house the Vanna pretty
look for a job or something you are the
job at a few problems ourselves did you
do something new I added peace Oh
peace I love my wife but there are times
there's this huge space between us and
it just keeps filling up with everything
that we don't save each other what do
you think she's undershoot like that
looks like it's government or something
you just been identified by a competing
agent how are you gonna handle it
I'm gonna borrow this yeah sweetheart
love gets lethal if an unusual problem
Jane obviously won't be dead and I'm
less and less concerned for your
well-being so what do we do from the
director of The Bourne Identity
who wants we die come to Daddy
who's your daddy now Jolie
[Music]
baby
mr. and mrs. Smith do you know that
you're ticking
[Music]